hey guys this is my GoPro grip with
internal tripod that I built and showed
you recently I was using it the other
day and I thought of a modification that
it might be helpful to you guys I
usually use my phone with the GoPro app
for a viewfinder when I'm setting up
some of these shots and with a grip and
then the phone you got your hands full I
said you know it'd be great if you could
attach the phone on here somehow so I
figured out a pretty easy way to do that
so I'll show you real quick I'm not
gonna go through the whole grip build
with you because I already did that in a
previous video the tripod came from
monoprice this mini pocket tripod and I
started thinking it has this cell phone
cradle in it and turns out it's actually
perfect this is kind of just a piece
that I figured I wasn't going to use but
actually works really really well what I
did was I made a little bracket and this
gets sandwiched in between the tripod
adapter and the cap just screw it on
like normal with the plate in the middle
and then after that stick the stick the
grip on just like in in the regular
build video and tighten it down and then
you've got a platform to mount this on
it's got a quarter 20 threaded insert
down here this is the only bolt that I
head around I've got to get a better
looking one but just screws on here like
that and then you can attach your phone
in the cradle so you got the the GoPro
in the front and the phone in the rear
so you can kind of use it as a
viewfinder you know you have to
recognize that the GoPro app has a
little bit of a lag but it's great for
setting up shots and keeping your
hands-free
it makes the whole rig a little bit
top-heavy but it works it's not not too
hot top-heavy that it doesn't doesn't
function correctly but do need to be
aware of it I have a second threaded
hole down here so you can move the phone
back if you want and that would let you
tilt the GoPro back to get upward-facing
shots if you need it but just a little
bit of mod might help you out and let me
know if you guys got questions I
appreciate you watching
you